SITL: Add missing step and example for gimbal video transmission (#7354)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: dev/source/docs/sitl-with-gazebo.rst

      FBWA> rc 3 1800
      FBWA> mode circle

Streaming Camera Video
-----------------------------
Images from camera sensors may be streamed with GStreamer using the GstCameraPlugin sensor plugin. The example gimbal models include the plugin element:
element:

  ::

    <plugin name="GstCameraPlugin"
        filename="GstCameraPlugin">
      <udp_host>127.0.0.1</udp_host>
      <udp_port>5600</udp_port>
      <use_basic_pipeline>true</use_basic_pipeline>
      <use_cuda>false</use_cuda>
    </plugin>

> The *<image_topic>* and *<enable_topic>* parameters are deducted from the topic name for the camera sensor, but may be overriden if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *<image_topic>* and *<enable_topic>* parameters are deduced from the topic name for the camera sensor, but may be overridden if required.
```
